SCB works to maintain an environment that allows science and scientific careers to flourish through respectful, inclusive, and equitable treatment of others and is committed to providing a safe place for its members and nonmember participants. As a statement of principle, ISCB rejects discrimination and harassment by any means, based on factors such as ethnic or national origin, race, religion, citizenship, language, political or other opinion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, disability, physical appearance, age, or economic class. In addition, ISCB opposes all forms of bullying including threatening, humiliating, coercive, or intimidating conduct that causes harm to, interferes with, or sabotages scientific activity and careers. Discrimination, harassment (in any form), and bullying create a hostile environment that reduces the quality, integrity, and pace of the advancement of science by marginalizing individuals and communities. It also damages productivity and career advancement, and prevents the healthy exchange of ideas.

ISCB is committed to supporting a productive and safe working environment for all who are participating in ISCB activities, conferences, and programs. Incidents of inappropriate and uncivil behavior are taken extremely seriously. If an individual experiences or witnesses harassment, they should contact an ISCB Ombudsman (wearing the ISCB Ally ribbon) in person or email safeISCB@iscb.org, or use a venue phone and ask for security if they feel unsafe. All complaints will be treated seriously and responded to promptly. While ISCB is not an adjudicating body, ISCB has appointed Ombudsmen who can be consulted, give advice or help seek out appropriate authorities to further handle any form of harassment or assault. Confidentiality will be maintained unless disclosure is legally required.

All contributors of the tutorial are expected to adhere to [the ISCB Code of Ethics and Professional Conduct](https://www.iscb.org/iscb-policy-statements/iscb-code-of-ethics-and-professional-conduct).
